Okay kids, it's time to practice our Bible books.
Are you ready to try the Greek Scriptures?
Great!
Matthew!
How Jesus came to earth and taught us all.
Mark!
Miracles show Jesus is God's Son.
We can learn from all the stories Jesus told.
John!
Like Lazarus, the dead can live again.
Ask!
How kingdom preaching spread throughout the world.
Romans!
Explaining how God's mercy reaches all.
Praise the Corinthians!
It teaches us what true love really is.
Second Corinthians!
God loves us when we're willing to forgive.
Galatians!
Do good to everyone and don't give up.
It teaches us how family life should be.
Focused on what's true and good and right.
Galatians!
Obedience brings joy as you'll see.
First as the low ends.
Any time, anywhere, we can pray.
No matter what Jehovah helps his friends.
He knew the Holy Scriptures from his youth.
He bravely helped the congregation grow.
The elders need to know how much we care.
His former slave became his Christian friend.
Need our weekly meetings one and all.
All good gifts and perfect presents come from God.
First Peter!
Christ left a model we must imitate.
Our Jehovah wants his people to be clean and hospitality.
It's right.
Revelation!
Tells how the paradise will come to be.